Datastore docs (#719)
aerogear/offix: docs/datastore/introduction.md

---
id: introduction
title: Introduction to Offix Datastore
sidebar_label: Offix Datastore
---

> Welcome to the Offix Datastore guide! Offix Datastore is a database for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Offix Datastore is an fully capable client side store  for
```

JavaScript apps with real-time synchronization over GraphQL.

> Offix Datastore saves all your data locally while pushing them your server,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Offix Datastore saves all your data locally and enables GraphQL replication mechanism to your generic GraphQL server,
```

this way, you data is available with or without an internet connection.
All changes made locally when offline are queued until an internet connection is available.

### Key Features

#### Offline-first

Offix Datastore allows you to build "Offline-first" apps with ease.
User data is always available locally and local database is
synchronized with server as soon as the user is online.

#### GraphQL CRUD compatible

Offix Datastore supports synchronization with [GraphQL CRUD](https://graphqlcrud.org/) compatible servers by default.
If your server doesn't support GraphQLCrud, you can build your synchronization engine.

> [TODO link how to build replication engine here]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: Are we not going to show how to build custom replication engine?

Reviewer: We going to do it, but not in introduction!
